800 million Du Chen, you are crazy.
800 million. This southern city is the old city.
It's worthless.
Don't worry, the show is just beginning
Captain Du Chen has left so many stories
Then he spent 800 million to row down the Nancheng District
This matter must
They are worth more than my money
A billion.
I am worthy of being Qin Shao
The sale is 1 billion
I heard it's a 70/60 development project
Mainly in Dongcheng District
Qin Shaopai showed a big loss to Dongcheng District
What do you know?
Qin Shao has a grudge against Du Chen of the Du family
I think they're just raising the bar
With your strength
You dare to fight for assets with our Qin family?
Do you match
1.20 billion
Dog thing you dare
Auctions are always for the highest bidder
If the Qin family can't afford to play, get out as soon as possible
1.5 billion is going to be decided.
1.80 billion 1.80 billion
This land is not worth 1.80 billion
Your wall is going to be wasted.
It's Lu Chen
And this is just the beginning.
There are two more plots of land behind
Don't worry. It's not me 2 billion